docs: fix glob pattern docs (#448)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/guides/how-biome-works.mdx

### Glob syntax explained

A glob pattern specifies a set of filenames.
Biome supports the following globs:

- `*` matches zero or more characters. It cannot match the path separator `/`.
- `**` recursively matches directories and files.
- `?` matches any character. It cannot match the path separator `/`.
- `[ab]` matches any character among `a` and `b`.
- `[a-z]` matches any character between `a` and `z`.

> - `[^a-z]` matches any character which is not between `a` and `z`.

Reviewer: I don't think we support this pattern?
https://github.com/biomejs/biome/blob/a51ef9d771c526c5df42da0167a65813b7e80854/crates/biome_service/src/matcher/pattern.rs#L56-L57

Maybe we should use the docs here: https://github.com/biomejs/biome/blob/a51ef9d771c526c5df42da0167a65813b7e80854/crates/biome_service/src/matcher/pattern.rs#L40-L64

Author: Thanks!

Some examples:

- `dist/**` matches the dist directory and all files in this directory.

> - `**/test/**` matches all files under a directory named `test`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `**/test/**` matches all files under any directory named `test`, regardless of where they are. E.g. `dist/test`, `src/test`
```

> - `**/*.js` matches all files ending with the extension `.js`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `**/*.js` matches all files in all directories ending with the extension `.js`
```

### Glob syntax explained

A glob pattern specifies a set of filenames.
Biome supports the following globs:

- `*` matches zero or more characters. It cannot match the path separator `/`.
- `**` recursively matches directories and files.
  This sequence **must** form a single path component,
  so both `**a` and `b**` are invalid and will result in an error.
  A sequence of more than two consecutive `*` characters is also invalid.
- `[...]` matches any character inside the brackets.
  Ranges of characters can also be specified, as ordered by Unicode, so e.g.
   `[0-9]` specifies any character between 0 and 9 inclusive.

>  - `[!...]` is the negation of `[...]`, i.e. it matches any characters **not** in the brackets.

Reviewer: These two lines as extra leading spaces.
